I think one of the kinds of intelligence
we want mr. chairman is that we want
some of our intelligence truly to be
secret that we want to protect our
nation's sources the way our journalists
protect their sources that we have to
have some secrets that we need to keep
we have to abandon the old tradition of
total secrecy but I think we do have to
agree that there are secrets in America
and our ballot box in other areas of our
life that we do respect and that
intelligence has a legitimate area in
which it needs secrets and in which its
secrets need to be protected for the
benefits not of intelligence but for our
nation